Mel.
That's my master for you!
I concealed my presence, and
you still found me right away.
How'd it go?
I relayed your request
to the one you specified.
But is there really any point in this?
Who can say?
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
A Kiss with a Witch
The village of Loana.
I could get there through the
forest behind the mansion.
The king said people there can't
even afford bread for tomorrow,
but this is all just
knowledge found in a book.
A true villainess should
go and see for herself!
The only problem is that there's
no way I'll get permission.
Nope! Absolutely not!
Not happening! Not a chance!
You mustn't!!
Impossible
It's dangerous
Absolutely not!!
Which means I'll just have to sneak out!
That was scary...
No! I'm a villainess!
I can't let a simple forest
at night frighten me!
Loana used to be enclosed
by a magical barrier
meant to keep heinous
criminals from getting out.
But since I have magic, I'll be
able to pass through it... right?
Is that it?
So this is...
It stinks!
They haven't passed out.
People without homes are
just sleeping on the ground.
I had no idea it was this bad.
I'll be killed if they find out I'm a noble!
Young lady.
This man's eyes...
You needn't be afraid.
And you'd be wise not to draw your sword.
If you carelessly flaunt such things here,
you'll only draw attention to yourself.
You're from outside, aren't you?
Why have you come here?
I had to see it with my own eyes.
Come with me.
Now, what is it you want to know?
Um... Who are you, exactly?
My name is Will.
Just Will and nothing more, young noble lady.
How could you tell?
You can't even... Oh, I'm so sorry.
It's all right.
I may be blind, but there's
still plenty I can ascertain.
Sounds, for example.
There was a slight difference in your
footsteps between your left and right feet.
That means you are not centrally balanced,
from which I inferred that you carry a sword.
The rustling of your clothes
told me that you were a woman,
and the scent about you is too
clean to be found around here.
And the fact that you entered
this village from outside
confirms you are a noble who possesses magic.
Back when I had my sight,
I was surrounded by your kind all the time.
Your presence was not unfamiliar to
me, and that also served as a clue.
You were a noble?
I worked at the castle,
but I spoke defiantly to someone far
above my station and earned their ire.
I lost my sight and was
banished to this village.
It all happened long ago.
That's awful.
What in the world did you say?
Well... What is your name?
Alicia.
A fine name.
A tradition that's been upheld for
a long time doesn't make it right today.
Let's leave it at that.
Why do you think we learn history?
To make the present better.
No matter how much you may learn from books,
it's meaningless if you don't
utilize it for the future.
I can't believe such a remarkable
man was banished from the castle.
Do you detest the nobility?
I would be lying if I said I didn't.
But...
I know the day will come when
someone will understand what I did.
Why don't you tell me your story next?
What made you wish to see
this place for yourself?
I... I...
Before I knew it,
I was telling him everything, even
my dream of becoming a villainess.
He retained his calm expression
while listening to my every word.
I will most certainly come again.
You mustn't. It's dangerous here.
It's no use trying to stop me.
I know I'm making
things difficult for him,
but I don't want this to be the end of it.
There's no one else like him anywhere.
If you insist on coming
again, do so at night.
And then...
a year passed.
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
Growing up certainly isn't easy...
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
Oh, I'm a genius! A little genius!
For the past two years, I've
continued to read books,
learn swordsmanship,
and visit Grandpa Will periodically.
If anything has changed, it's...
When my brother Albert turned fifteen,
he entered the Magic Academy,
where the game takes place.
I'm sure Prince Duke and the
heroine have met by now.
They may even be attracted
to each other already.
I can't wait for the day I get to
confront them as the villainess!
Alicia.
Want to go into town today?
Master Eric! I would love to!
Hang on! The two of you can't go alone!
I'm going, too!
So is Alan coming as well?
He's still studying.
Oh? Even twins go their
separate ways sometimes, huh?
Are there any places you'd like to see?
Oh, a friend of mine runs that shop.
Hello!
Welcome.
Oh, hi, Eric and Henry.
Oh? And who's the young lady?
I'm Alicia.
Ah, Henry's younger sister, right?
I'm Paul. Welcome to my shop.
I sell all kinds of plants.
Well, it's mainly medicinal herbs, I suppose.
My family specializes in green magic.
You're a noble?
Just a happy-go-lucky, low-ranking one.
Plants are amazing.
They have the power to cure
illness and heal the soul.
I was born into an environment that
made it easy to learn about them.
I wanted to use that to
help people in some way,
and that's why I opened this store.
That's precisely what it means
to make use of what you know.
Take this, for example.
Josia!
One spoonful of a josia infusion
will bring down any fever instantly!
That's a priceless herb!
You know your stuff.
Are you into plants?
That's just common knowledge!
Anyone who doesn't know that
just hasn't studied enough!
Spoken like a true villainess!
I'd never say, "I knew that
because I've read lots of books."
That's how a heroine would
try to talk herself up!
Oh, it's common knowledge, huh?
Uh... I guess I still need to
study up on how villainesses act.
You're a very clever young lady.
Eric, you'd better not drag your feet.
You'll soon have lots more rivals.
Huh?
Wha—No way! I'll never let you have my sister!
You three went to town together, eh?
Did you have fun, Ali?
Yes!
Lucky you.
A date with Ali...
Why are you glaring at me?!
Say, you should go out with me next time.
Is there anywhere you want to
go, or anything you want to do?
Anything I want to do?
There is. I want to take
the swordsmanship test.
The sword?
Alicia!
I want to see where my
training has brought me,
but my father and brothers insist
that it is out of the question.
I ask you, is that fair?
You're only ten. And you're a girl.
All three of you had taken the
test by the time you were my age.
And no rule bars girls from it.
We said no, and that means no!
If you insist on refusing, give
me a convincing reason why.
That's enough!
I'm sorry...
I will not back down!
I don't agree with this!
That was a pretty villainous
reaction, wasn't it?
She'll never understand if
we just keep telling her no.
But we can't just tell her the real reason...
Tell me!
Alicia?!
Stop treating me like a child!
Alicia, you are still a child.
Can't you just let your father
worry for his beloved daughter?
But...
Then I'll promise you this.
When you turn fifteen and enter
the Magic Academy, we'll discuss it.
How's that?
Very well. It's a promise.
I know I'm only buying us some time, but...
Her swordsmanship already exceeds
the capacity of a child.
If I let her take the official test,
she'll draw a lot of attention,
both good and bad.
Yes, but...
Surely the Five Great Noble Families already
know about what happened back then.
I don't think we can keep it
hidden for much longer.
Still... while she's young, at least,
I want her to live as a normal child.
Oh, darn it!
They keep calling me a child!
I know that! A ten-year-old is just a child!
But if I want to be the
greatest villainess ever,
I can't afford to waste any time.
I'll go talk to Grandpa Will.
Maybe it'll help me sort things out.
This is the first time I've
visited him during the day.
I wonder if he'll even be at home.
Don't you give me that shit!
So this is the true face of Loana...
I didn't see it when I came at night.
Oh, come on! Done already?!
Hey, he's not moving.
Guess he's dead.
Don't you fall asleep!
Oh, he's gonna die now!
Alicia!
Why did you come here at this hour?!
B-But... that small child is being...
And what exactly do you intend to do?!
You're a child yourself!
Can he be saved?
I doubt he has the strength to pull through.
Oh, no...
This is not a rare occurrence in Loana.
There are no good medicines here.
I gather the children together to
teach them writing and arithmetic.
This boy, Jill, is an orphan,
and even though he's only six years old,
he possesses an intelligence that
astonishes even an old man like me.
Had he received a proper education,
he could have grown to be a remarkable man.
But even children born in this
village-turned-penal colony
are branded as criminals
for their entire lives.
As much as I hate it, there's
nothing I can do to change it.
Alicia,
you mustn't blame yourself.
I've wanted for nothing all my life.
I've had the best learning
environment and a kind family.
Just being born in different places
creates such disparity between us.
Even living in such blessed circumstances,
I'm still sheltered just
like any other little girl.
It's so disgraceful.
It's not that I want to help people.
That's not something a villainess does.
But...
I'm sure the heroine would've saved him.
And being unable to do something
the heroine can do is humiliating.
I can't make excuses about being
too young or too powerless.
After all, what I want to be is...
Greetings, Mr. Paul!
Would you mind sharing your josia with me?
Do you need an antipyretic?
Is someone sick or injured?
In Lo—I mean... um...
Here's your josia.
Dissolve it in water and have them drink it.
Wha... Th-Thank you so much!
Um, how much is it?
Don't worry.
It's on the house today.
In return, just continue to
patronize this shop, okay?
I will! Thank you very much!
This hasn't healed his wounds,
but it will keep him alive.
Thank you, Alicia.
Grandpa Will...
I am powerless.
I thought I was doing all I could to
become the greatest villainess ever.
But if I can't take action when
it counts, there's no point.
From now on, I'll dedicate
all I have to my studies,
and work even harder to be a
villainess who goes down in history!
A villainess...?
Today, I'm going to find a grimoire.
Mastering my magic will make
me the greatest villainess!
Huh?
Was this section here before?
This is...
A book of magic!
This whole section...
is nothing but grimoires!
I can't believe I missed it before!
All right, time to race up the
stairway to villainess-hood!
Magic has different levels.
Levels 50 and up require the mana
of the Five Great Noble Families.
The highest recorded level is 100,
but in one part of the game, the heroine
and Prince Duke exceed level 100.
As the villainess, I might be designed
to always fall short of the heroine.
But that's no reason not to work hard.
I won't know until I try!
I'll start with Level 1 magic
to make an object float.
Focus on the mana within my body
and gather it in my fingertips.
It seems a bit abstract since
there's no incantation.
Float!
It's floating!
I really used magic!
This is great!
L-Looks like I need more
practice to master it.
All right! I'm getting fired up now!
I'm gonna keep learning more and more!
A Few Days Later
I did it!
Level 5 magic: moving objects around!
If I can move all these, I think
it's safe to say I've mastered it!
I think all the sleep I gave up
to practice is getting to me.
I feel so heavy.
And this headache just won't go away.
I must not have enough stamina.
Maybe I should do more physical training.
I'll take a five-minute break
before starting on the next level.
Alicia!
The king is here to see me?
Yes. I know this came out of nowhere,
but he says he wants to talk to you.
My first villainess trial in two years!
But you're just a child...
Why do you wish to see Alicia?
I want to hear her stories
again. It's been so long.
Is that all?
You accompanied me because
you doubt, did you not?
It is an honor to see
you again, Your Majesty.
Ah, Alicia. You seem well.
The heads of the Five Great
Noble Families together...
Am I already so well-known as a villainess?
Let's get right to the point, Alicia.
Do you love this kingdom?
What does that mean?
I can never understand what's
behind the king's questions...
Let me phrase that a different way.
What do you think of the
way this kingdom operates?
What would be the right answer
for a villainess to give?
I despise its systematic,
preferential treatment of nobles.
You despise it, eh?
Yes, I absolutely detest it.
After all, merely
proclaiming oneself a noble
places even the most incompetent
individuals at the top, does it not?
Are you insulting us?!
It matters not. Continue.
Your Majesty!
Forgive me.
I did not mean to say this
is true of all nobles.
But to be a noble, one only
needs to possess mana.
Mana and political prowess are
two very different things.
No matter how talented they are,
commoners are never even
granted any opportunities.
Just how much talent is going to waste
in this magic-based class system?
It's so foolish, it gives me a headache.
That is enough! Watch your tongue!
Now, no need to shout.
She's just a young girl.
I do wish you'd keep your voices down.
The part about the headache was true.
Father, we should...
Then let me ask one final question, Alicia.
Do you understand that what you
said applies to you, as well?
Or would you not mind being ousted from your
place in the Five Great Noble Families?
Yes, of course I'm aware.
I was born into this family
through good fortune alone.
To want my status guaranteed at the
expense of more talented individuals
would be most uncouth.
You truly are an unusual child.
It's finally over...
I don't know if I gave the
right answers for a villainess.
I need to get some rest for today...
Alicia?!
Alicia!
Prince... Duke?
She has a fever!
Duke...
Ali?!
She just collapsed.
She's been unwell this whole time.
L-Let's get her to her room for now.
I'll carry her.
Prince... Duke?
Alicia!
Have you come to?
If you're awake, take this medicine.
Can you drink this?
Alicia, please take the medicine.
I'm begging you.
Forgive me.